Yes Hello today will introduce ne third of the news is the
The figure of singing a 14-year-old diva song is clear
First music video ban
14- year-old female singer-songwriter summer sail sings
Theme song of Fuji TV drama mistake pilot starring Maki Horikita
every hero music video published on 15 youtube
Was
Natsusai is currently in charge of hair and makeup of Utada Hikaru while operating a 14-year-old singer
The
Need Ya No
I worked on Utada with the connection of Takahara Kanehara
I found a talent in Kei Miyagi producer
Started producing music for review
Quickly caught the eye of the Fuji TV program producer
When it becomes clear that the theme song of the drama is highly selected
Even the combined topic that say of idle Naoko Kawai world by storm in the 1980s daughter
became
Such she releases on November 27
Reviews of good-margins bedding from nbc hero strong alone same drama
Assigned to the theme song of
The music video of every hero is finally released
Published in the short version but there is also a singing scene and moves that have not been published before
Summer sail is unveiled for the first time
I was a little nervous about shooting for the first time I was not used to the music video release
it was fun
I was able to complete this work with the director and all the staff
I 'm glad if you can see this video and feel something
That's right
When
To say that raw learn treasury's it cute is First of
It is Mr. summer sail, very mature like that
Winter function
It is not easy to be able to tell the 24 year old member
Dark adultish good
Really it is those who are possessed by the atmosphere
Everyone is by all means, because youtube is open to the public, this Bago's
It is the singing voice of
And it's also a singing figure, so it looks like it's published by youtube
Please try watching by all means Yes is it today
14-year-old Diva summer sail singing figure is clear
First music video Thank you for your viewing was the news that the ban